{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\f0\fs24
\b Beforest app test checklist\b0\par
\par
Use this checklist after each deploy or meaningful UI/narration change.\par
\par
\b 1. Access and start\b0\par
\par
\bullet\tab Can you open the app on desktop and mobile without layout breakage?\par
\bullet\tab If passcode is enabled, does the app block access until the right passcode is entered?\par
\bullet\tab Does the name/passcode form feel clear and easy to complete?\par
\bullet\tab After entering access details, does the Begin walkthrough button appear?\par
\bullet\tab When you tap Begin walkthrough, does narration start quickly without waiting for Gemini Live?\par
\bullet\tab Does the background video play smoothly within the first 3-5 seconds?\par
\par
\b 2. Core narration\b0\par
\par
\bullet\tab In the first 10 seconds, does the narrator clearly explain what Beforest is?\par
\bullet\tab Does the opening mention collectives, hospitality, Bewild food, full membership, and 10% access?\par
\bullet\tab Is 10% described as 30 person-nights a year for 10 years, not just 30 nights?\par
\bullet\tab Does the narrator sound like an adult talking to another adult?\par
\bullet\tab Does the narration avoid sounding like a sales pitch, spiritual talk, or tourism copy?\par
\bullet\tab Are the audio chunks paced naturally, without long silence or abrupt cuts?\par
\bullet\tab Do subtitles match the audio timing closely?\par
\bullet\tab Are subtitles readable but not distracting?\par
\bullet\tab Does the video continue smoothly while narration and subtitles are running?\par
\par
\b 3. Guided flow\b0\par
\par
\bullet\tab Does each section move naturally into the next?\par
\bullet\tab Do the pause questions feel useful rather than interruptive?\par
\bullet\tab Are the multiple-choice options clear and relevant?\par
\bullet\tab After selecting an option, does the walkthrough continue correctly?\par
\bullet\tab Does the app stay guided instead of becoming a generic chatbot over slides?\par
\bullet\tab Does it eventually move toward the trial stay or updates path?\par
\par
\b 4. Mic interaction\b0\par
\par
\bullet\tab Is it obvious what the mic button does before tapping it?\par
\bullet\tab When you tap the mic, does the UI clearly say Speak now?\par
\bullet\tab Does the narrator pause only when the mic is actually ready?\par
\bullet\tab Does the screen explain that you should tap send when your question is complete?\par
\bullet\tab Does the mic icon change to a send icon clearly?\par
\bullet\tab Does the send icon look premium and neutral, without odd green boxes?\par
\bullet\tab If you ask a short question, does the app capture enough of it?\par
\bullet\tab After tapping send, does Gemini answer the specific question?\par
\bullet\tab Does the answer stay brief and grounded in Beforest?\par
\bullet\tab After the answer, does narration resume cleanly?\par
\bullet\tab If Gemini Live is unavailable or returns a 503, does the walkthrough continue instead of feeling broken?\par
\par
\b 5. Visual quality\b0\par
\par
\bullet\tab Do overlays read as premium black, not brown or muddy?\par
\bullet\tab Does text remain readable over all parts of the video?\par
\bullet\tab Do the mic, pause, CTA, and modal controls look consistent?\par
\bullet\tab Are there any visible green, accidental, or debug-looking states?\par
\bullet\tab Does the app avoid bulky dashboard/card styling?\par
\bullet\tab On mobile, do buttons stay tappable and not overlap captions?\par
\bullet\tab On desktop, does the layout feel calm and cinematic rather than empty or cluttered?\par
\par
\b 6. CTAs and updates\b0\par
\par
\bullet\tab Does the trial stay CTA appear at the right point?\par
\bullet\tab Does the trial stay CTA open the correct hospitality link?\par
\bullet\tab Does the updates path ask for name, email, and phone clearly?\par
\bullet\tab Do the update preference questions feel relevant?\par
\bullet\tab After completing updates, does the app open the Founding Silence link with the right query parameters?\par
\bullet\tab Can the user close or back out of the updates flow?\par
\par
\b 7. Error and edge cases\b0\par
\par
\bullet\tab What happens if you deny microphone permission?\par
\bullet\tab What happens if you tap mic and say nothing?\par
\bullet\tab What happens if you tap mic, wait, then tap send?\par
\bullet\tab What happens if Gemini Live fails or times out?\par
\bullet\tab Does the narrator resume after mic errors?\par
\bullet\tab Does pause/resume still work after using the mic?\par
\bullet\tab Does the app recover if the network is slow?\par
\bullet\tab Does refreshing the page reset to a sensible state?\par
\par
\b 8. Final acceptance\b0\par
\par
\bullet\tab Would a first-time visitor understand Beforest within the first 10 seconds?\par
\bullet\tab Would they understand that 10% means 30 person-nights per year for 10 years?\par
\bullet\tab Would someone coming from hospitality understand how this connects to collectives?\par
\bullet\tab Would someone coming from Bewild understand how food connects to the landscapes?\par
\bullet\tab Would someone who does not want full ownership understand why 10% exists?\par
\bullet\tab Does the whole experience feel guided, premium, calm, and clear?\par
}
